origami in Category fabric place both
pieces together with right sides of
fabric facing so around all sides
leaving an opening on one of the short
sides my butterfly is so small that I
left the whole side open it looks like a
little baggy thing I've clipped the
corners and turned it around pulled all
corners and ironed I am the opening seam
allowance one quarter in six millimeters
toward the inside and top stitch at one
millimeter from the edge
I am the rectangle if you're using a
thin sheer fabric it sa good idea to our
de fusible interfacing before cutting
the rectangles so it makes crisp creases
next felled in to meet the short sides
and then one more time into again the
short sides repeat the same with the
second fold corner and you should have a
house shape if needed pin the folds iron
each fold here's the house now take one
of the center folds in the bottom middle
and formed a triangle inward like this
to there same with the second corner
anyway open the triangle fold just made
and stretch it toward the center of roof
of the house shake open the second fall
to and pinned to hold this is the back
of the butterfly at this stage fold the
center triangle downwards and pin it
would be better to use the matching
color or a complementing one I made
another Seaman to the bottom wings to
hold them in place
you